**IONESIO**

- Trying to figure out the best way to implement the PyGrid architecture
- Need to schedule a meeting with Pat and Andrew

**AMR**

- Working on formatting tasks with PyGrid
- Also worked on an abstract FL class

**SACHIN**

- Worked on and finished the namespacing issue for UCSF
- Having problems with the static folder

**HERICLES**

- Lots of static FL work, helping out Patrick and his team

**BENARDI**

- Working on moving the database from the node to the workers
- Having trouble merging the worker's database with the node's database
